# FAQs
- **Q: **How can I get access to a sandbox or testing environment?
  - **A: **Currently, there is no testing or development environment available for partners to integrate with Latch services. While we can create a test property for you, we recommend purchasing devices to facilitate development and testing. If you can work with a property that already has devices or can obtain devices for development, please have the property or portfolio manager email Latch to request your addition as a partner for that property. Since this is a production environment, partners must adhere to best practices when developing and testing applications and services. This is essential to maintain acceptable levels of traffic to the Latch backend. Please note that traffic from Partner backends will be closely monitored for unusual activity and may be rate-limited based on typical usage patterns.
- **Q: ** ow can I unlock a door remotely?
  - **A: **There is no fully remote unlock functionality. Mobile unlock operations must occur through a mobile app via NFC or Bluetooth.
- **Q: **What logging, metrics, and diagnostics does OpenKit provide?
  - **A: **It is expected that Partners will invest a great deal of time to develop accurate and detailed solutions to log interactions with each component, the SDK, Partner App, Partner BE, and Latch BE. Partners must provide a reasonably detailed chain of diagnostic logging and telemetry data to Latch support and engineering teams to properly diagnose and resolve issues promptly for Latch and the Partner’s mutual end-users. 
